Guest: user that does not have an account.

New user: user with an account, recently registrated.

Registered user: generic user with an account.



As a guest, I want to get basic information about weightlifting so that I am able to understand what it is about.



As a guest, I want to get information about most known weightlifting training systems so that I get a general idea about this sport training.



As a guest, I want to get information about exercises that weightlifters do to improve their performance, so that I know what to do in a training session.



As a guest, I want to sign up in the system so that I have a personal account and access to registered user features.

As a guest, I want to authenticate myself in the system so that I get registered user features.




As a new user, I want to get a simple tutorial about how to use the system so that I am able to interact with it nicely.



As a new user, I want to check beginner weightlifting programs or progressions so that I can think and decide how to start training.




As a registered user, I want to create, update and delete my own training schedules so that I have my own, customized predefined training sessions.



As a registered user, I want to manage exercises from my training sessions so that I do the exercises I want, in the way I want.

As a registered user, I want to see how an exercise must be done, so that I can perform it with the best technique possible.


As a registered user, I want to get recommendations about best choices for an exercise within a training session, so that I plan my sessions in the best possible way.





As a registered user, I want to log my training sessions, so that I have a log of what I do and how it compares with what I planned.



As a registered user, I want to track my progress on snatch and clean & jerk lifts and related exercises so that I can see how my performance changes over time.



As a registered user, I want to get feedback about my scheduling, training session programming and progress, so that I am aware of possible improvements on my training.



As a registered user, I want to be suggested other weightlifting programs that may fit my current level, so that I can change easily my training based on my growth.



As a registered user, I want to manage my profile account so that I customize it and control public and private information.



As a registered user, I want to be able to share my training activity, PRs, etc. so that others can see that information.


As a registered user, I want to follow other users so that I see their training activity, PRs, etc.



As a registered user, I want to delete my account so that I get removed from the system.
